docs: tweaks to embedded connector tutorial (#4252)
confluentinc/ksql: docs-md/tutorials/embedded-connect.md

  license_plate STRING,
  rating DOUBLE
)
WITH (kafka_topic='jdbc_driver_profiles', value_format='json', key='driver_id');
```

Tables in ksqlDB support update semantics, where each message in the
underlying topic represents a row in the table. For messages in the topic with
the same key, the latest message associated with a given key represents the
latest value for the corresponding row in the table.

> _Note that when the data is ingested from the database, it's being written

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    When the data is ingested from the database, it's being written
```

to the {{ site.ak }} topic using JSON serialization. Since JSON itself doesn't

> declare a schema, we need to declare it again when we run the `CREATE TABLE`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
declare a schema, you need to declare it again when you run `CREATE TABLE`. 
```

> In practice, you would normally use Avro since this supports the retention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, you would normally use Avro, since this supports the retention
```

> of schemas, ensuring compatibility between producers and consumers—and meaning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of schemas, ensuring compatibility between producers and consumers. This means
```

> that you don't have to enter it each time you want to use the data in ksqlDB._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that you don't have to enter it each time you want to use the data in ksqlDB.
```
